fix(textarea, textbox): improve character count accessibility and align with design system (#6231)
Sage/carbon: src/components/textarea/textarea.stories.mdx

Reviewer: **issue**: it seems we never actually had the translation keys for `characterCount` documented for `Textarea` 😬

 What do you think about adding them in as part of this PR?

He is one [example of a translation docs section](https://carbon.sage.com/?path=/docs/numeral-date--default#translation-keys) for reference.

Reviewer: **issue**: it seems we never actually had the translation keys for `characterCount` documented for `Textarea` 😬

 What do you think about adding them in as part of this PR?

He is one [example of a translation docs section](https://carbon.sage.com/?path=/docs/numeral-date--default#translation-keys) for reference.

### With characterLimit

If you use the `inputHint` prop to provide the user with a hint before the input, please use a full stop `.` at the end,

> as it forces a pause before any other announcements, this well help screan reader users understand the hint fully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as it forces a pause before any other announcements, this well help screen reader users understand the hint fully.
```

Author: Brilliant spot 👍, blaming the new keyboard for this one :/

<StyledSystemProps of={OriginalTextarea} noHeader margin />

**Any other supplied props will be provided to the underlying HTML input element**

<TranslationKeysTable
  translationData={[
    {
      name: "characterCount.tooManyCharacters",
      description:
        "The message displayed below the input which will inform"

>         +" users if they have excedded the set `characterLimit` and how much by." 
>         +" This will also be announced to screenreaders.",
>       type: "func",
>       returnType: "string",
>     },
>         {
>       name: "characterCount.charactersLeft",
>       description:
>         "The message displayed below the input which will inform"
>         +" users how many characters they have before they reach  or exceed the"
>         +" set `characterLimit`. This will also be announced to screenreaders.",      

Reviewer: **suggestion**

```suggestion
        +" users if they have exceeded the set `characterLimit` and how much by." 
        +" This will also be announced to screen readers.",
      type: "func",
      returnType: "string",
    },
        {
      name: "characterCount.charactersLeft",
      description:
        "The message displayed below the input which will inform"
        +" users how many characters they have before they reach  or exceed the"
        +" set `characterLimit`. This will also be announced to screen readers.",      
```
